Treat yourself to the same love you give others ;
All of your feelings are valid ;
Make time for yourself ;
Boundaries are good ;
It's okay to not be okay ;
You don't have to have it all together ;
Take time to rest your mind and body ;
You are enough ;
It is important to open up about how you are feeling to your close ones ;
Trauma you experienced does not define you ;
Your mental illness does not define you ;
Your mistakes do not define you ;
Broken relationships do not define you ;
Your weight/figure does not define you ;
You are allowed to climb your mountains at your own pace ;
You don't have to fix yourself as you heal ;
Unlearn the idea of being successful to be worthy ;
It's okay to have bad and unproductive days ;
You deserve love, care, and support ;
Allow yourself to feel, don't ignore and hide your feelings, try to hear and accept them ;
Listen to your emotions and what they are trying to tell you ;
The same good you see in others is within you ;
It's okay to have days where the only thing you do is survive ;
Allow yourself to feel what you feel - it is all valid ;
Sit with your feelings and take your time working through them ;
Allow yourself to self soothe in the best way you know how ;
Reach out for help if it feels like too much ;
Setbacks don't equal failure ;
You are allowed to set boundaries ;
You are more than an illness ;
It's okay to rest ;
Not everything you think is true ;
You can do so much, but you can't do everything ;
You are allowed to put yourself first ;
You are more than enough ;
Tomorrow is a new day ;
Making mistakes is part of life ;
Saying 'no' is okay ;
Not everyone has to like you ;
Beauty and strength come from within ;
You don't have to be perfect ;
Having a bad day is okay ;
Small steps are also progress ;
Asking for help is strength ;
Remember: People love and appreciate you ;
A bad day does not equal a bad life ;
You are not this struggle ;
Not all thoughts are true ;
Feelings are not facts, but all your feelings are valid, real, and allowed ;
The only way out is to go through ;
Your worth is not contingent upon circumstances ;
You are lovable and enough ;
Nothing stays the same ;
You can't be everything to everyone, but you can be true to yourself ;
Be gentle with yourself ;
You are not alone ;
It is okay to be vulnerable ;
Focus on the things you can control and let go of the rest ;
It is okay to feel confident ;
It is okay to celebrate yourself ;
It is okay to establish boundaries ;
It is okay to take mental health days ;
It is okay to stand up for yourself ;
It is okay to outgrow other people ;
You are more than your anxiety ;
The way you speak to yourself matters ;
Pay attention to the people who make you feel your best when you're around them ;
You are stronger than you think ;
Your feelings are allowed to be here ;
Anxiety is a normal human emotion ;
When feeling anxious remember to take deep breaths, stay present, and ground yourself ;
Anxiety Reducer: Get enough exercise ;
Anxiety Reducer: Spend time with friends ;
Anxiety Reducer: Reduce caffeine intake ;
Anxiety Reducer: Write in a journal ;
Anxiety Reducer: Avoid procrastination ;
Anxiety Reducer: Practice mindfulness ;
Anxiety Reducer: Focus on 'right now' ;
Anxiety Reducer: Listen to soothing music ;
Anxiety Reducer: Use positive self-talk ;
Self-Care when you feel stressed idea: Go for a walk/go outside ;
Self-Care when you feel stressed idea: Breathe deeply ;
Self-Care when you feel stressed idea: Sip a hot cup of tea ;
Self-Care when you feel stressed idea: Put down your phone ; 
Self-Care when you feel stressed idea: Celebrate a small achievement ;
Self-Care when you feel stressed idea: Read a book ;
Everyday self-care: Call people (that you like) ;
Everyday self-care: Make your bed FFS ;
Everyday self-care: Eat good food ;
Everyday self-care: Go outside ;
Everyday self-care: Wash your face ;
Everyday self-care: Put on pants, even if you are staying home all day ;
Everyday self-care: Brush yo' teef, even if you are staying home all day ;
Everyday self-care: Drink water ;
Give yourself kindness - you deserve it ;
Give yourself attention ;
Give yourself a break ;
Give yourself rest ;
Give yourself time ;
Mental Health Check: How are you feeling? (physically and mentally) ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last eat a whole meal? ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last drink water? ;
Mental Health Check: How long have you spent on your phone today? ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last breathe deeply? ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last go outside? ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last take a shower? (or bath) ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last talk to someone about your feelings? ;
Mental Health Check: What can you celebrate today? ;
Mental Health Check: What is taking up most of your headspace? ;
Give yourself water ;
Mental Health Check: Are you tired? ;
Mental Health Check: When did you last do a kind thing for someone else? ;
You are worth the quiet moment ;
You are worth the deeper breath ;
You are worth the time it takes to slow down, be still, and rest ;
Do not regret who you have become and who you are becoming ;
We fall. We break. We fail. We rise. We heal. We overcome. ;
